hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_codingtask_PixabayApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_codingtask_PixabayApplication
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/BottomSheetArgs.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.BottomSheetArgs
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.BottomSheetArgs$1
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.BottomSheetArgs$Builder
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/DetailFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.DetailFragmentArgs
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.DetailFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.DetailFragmentArgs$Builder
com/example/codingtask/ui/viewmodels/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/ImageFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.ImageFragment_MembersInjector
com/example/codingtask/data/local/repository/PixabayRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.repository.PixabayRepository_Factory
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_ui_activity_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_ui_activity_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/ImageFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.ImageFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_PixabayApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_PixabayApplication_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/codingtask/ui/activity/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.activity.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_ui_viewmodels_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_ui_viewmodels_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_ui_fragments_ImageFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_ui_fragments_ImageFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/BottomSheetDirections.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.BottomSheetDirections
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.BottomSheetDirections$1
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.BottomSheetDirections$ActionBottomSheetToDetailFragment
com/example/codingtask/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.codingtask.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/MainNavHostFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.MainNavHostFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/codingtask/ui/viewmodels/PixabayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.PixabayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.PixabayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/codingtask/databinding/FragmentDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.FragmentDetailBindingImpl
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_codingtask_PixabayApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_codingtask_PixabayApplication
com/example/codingtask/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.example.codingtask.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.example.codingtask.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/example/codingtask/ui/viewmodels/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/codingtask/databinding/ErrorStateBinding.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.ErrorStateBinding
com/example/codingtask/PixabayApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/example/codingtask/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory.java
 com.example.codingtask.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory
 com.example.codingtask.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/codingtask/utils/InternetStatus_Factory.java
 com.example.codingtask.utils.InternetStatus_Factory
 com.example.codingtask.utils.InternetStatus_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/example/codingtask/databinding/ErrorStateBindingImpl.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.ErrorStateBindingImpl
com/example/codingtask/data/local/dao/PixabayDao_Impl.java
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.PixabayDao_Impl
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.PixabayDao_Impl$1
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.PixabayDao_Impl$2
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.PixabayDao_Impl$3
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.PixabayDao_Impl$4
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.PixabayDao_Impl$5
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.PixabayDao_Impl$6
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.PixabayDao_Impl$7
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/MainFragmentFactory_Factory.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.MainFragmentFactory_Factory
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.MainFragmentFactory_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/example/codingtask/data/local/dao/RemoteKeysDao_Impl.java
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.RemoteKeysDao_Impl
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.RemoteKeysDao_Impl$1
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.RemoteKeysDao_Impl$2
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.dao.RemoteKeysDao_Impl$3
com/example/codingtask/Hilt_PixabayApplication.java
 com.example.codingtask.Hilt_PixabayApplication
 com.example.codingtask.Hilt_PixabayApplication$1
com/example/codingtask/databinding/FragmentImageBinding.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.FragmentImageBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_ui_fragments_MainNavHostFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_ui_fragments_MainNavHostFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/Hilt_ImageFragment.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.Hilt_ImageFragment
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/Hilt_MainNavHostFragment.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.Hilt_MainNavHostFragment
com/example/codingtask/di/DatabaseModule_ProvidesDbFactory.java
 com.example.codingtask.di.DatabaseModule_ProvidesDbFactory
com/example/codingtask/BR.java
 com.example.codingtask.BR
com/example/codingtask/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesApiFactory.java
 com.example.codingtask.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesApiFactory
com/example/codingtask/ui/viewmodels/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.MainViewModel_Factory
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/Hilt_DetailFragment.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.Hilt_DetailFragment
com/example/codingtask/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRepositoryInterfaceFactory.java
 com.example.codingtask.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRepositoryInterfaceFactory
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/codingtask/ui/viewmodels/PixabayViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.PixabayViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.PixabayViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.PixabayViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
com/example/codingtask/ui/activity/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.activity.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.codingtask.ui.activity.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/codingtask/databinding/FragmentDetailBindingLandImpl.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.FragmentDetailBindingLandImpl
com/example/codingtask/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.codingtask.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.codingtask.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.codingtask.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/codingtask/databinding/FragmentDetailBinding.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.FragmentDetailBinding
com/example/codingtask/databinding/FragmentImageBindingImpl.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.FragmentImageBindingImpl
com/example/codingtask/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.codingtask.BuildConfig
com/example/codingtask/DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.codingtask.DaggerPixabayApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/example/codingtask/databinding/FragmentImageBindingLandImpl.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.FragmentImageBindingLandImpl
com/example/codingtask/PixabayApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/codingtask/databinding/ImageItemBinding.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.ImageItemBinding
com/example/codingtask/PixabayApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.codingtask.PixabayApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_ui_fragments_DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_ui_fragments_DetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/codingtask/di/DatabaseModule_ProvidesDaoFactory.java
 com.example.codingtask.di.DatabaseModule_ProvidesDaoFactory
com/example/codingtask/databinding/ImageItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.codingtask.databinding.ImageItemBindingImpl
com/example/codingtask/data/local/db/PixabayDb_Impl.java
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.db.PixabayDb_Impl
 com.example.codingtask.data.local.db.PixabayDb_Impl$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_ui_viewmodels_PixabayViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_ui_viewmodels_PixabayViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/codingtask/ui/viewmodels/PixabayViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.viewmodels.PixabayViewModel_Factory
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/ImageFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.ImageFragmentDirections
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.ImageFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.ImageFragmentDirections$ActionImageFragmentToBottomSheet
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_ui_viewmodels_PixabayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_ui_viewmodels_PixabayViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/codingtask/ui/fragments/MainNavHostFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.codingtask.ui.fragments.MainNavHostFragment_MembersInjector
com/example/codingtask/di/DatabaseModule_RemoteKeysDaoFactory.java
 com.example.codingtask.di.DatabaseModule_RemoteKeysDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_ui_viewmodels_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_ui_viewmodels_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_di_NetworkModule
com/example/codingtask/di/NetworkModule_ProvidesRetrofitFactory.java
 com.example.codingtask.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesRetrofitFactory
 com.example.codingtask.di.NetworkModule_ProvidesRetrofitFactory$InstanceHolder
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_codingtask_di_DatabaseModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_codingtask_di_DatabaseModule
